add runc features man page (#4424)
opencontainers/runc: man/runc-features.8.md

% runc-features "8"

# NAME

> **runc-features** - lists containers

Reviewer: it does not lists containers.

# SYNOPSIS
**runc features**

# DESCRIPTION

> The **features** command show enabled features. If you don't know what

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **features** command show implemented features. The implemented features are not always available, depending on the version of the kernel, system libraries, CPU architecture, etc. If you don't know what
```

> is feature you can check feature's section in runtime-spec in github.

Reviewer: This sounds condescending to a reader. It's better to give a brief overview and refer to more documentation.

Author: sure. i'm gonna explain features a little bit and provide more documentation

Author: Is it ok now?

% runc-features "8"

# NAME
**runc-features** - show implemented features

# SYNOPSIS
**runc features**

# DESCRIPTION

> The **features** command shows the implemented features in JSON format. Features are properties of runc, such as the minimum and maximum accepted OCI versions. The implemented features may not always be available, depending on the kernel version, system libraries, CPU architecture, etc. For more information about features, you can check the features section in the runtime-spec on GitHub.

Reviewer: 1. nit: It would be better to limit the width to 79 characters or so.
2. Add a link to runtime-spec features doc here and/or to SEE ALSO section.

> # PROPERTIES

Reviewer: A man header with such name is not standard. Please see man-pages(7) for which sections are recommended. In general, I think, what's below is part of description and doesn't require a separate section.

> **ociVersionMin**: Minimum OCI version that runc can accept.

Reviewer: This (and below) may benefit from using a list.
